okay this is something I was just
hanging around with a while ago because
I found out that there are some fuse
bindings in node so far why why not
there's already like fuse for ipfs but
it's not only on you can't fuse to em FS
so this is like em FS fusing so you can
npm install ipfs stash views and once
you've done that you should just be able
to type ipfs views on the command line
and it will put it in your home
directory and then I should just be able
to open open that up okay it's there and
so this is my this is my fuse this sorry
it's my em FS this is what I've got in
FS and I guess we can prove that by ipfs
files LS oh sorry yeah yeah whoa so does
that that looks like a similar files
right and then you can obviously do
stuff like rename things and then I
guess the websites cool and you can copy
stuff and it goes that's cool you can
obviously do the previewing and all of
that stuff so that's great and then just
to make sure
free 87487 for did go in so that's super
rad and that's em FS views with ipfs it
doesn't the locking thing which
someone's going to ask about it's not
the the node module doesn't do the
looking so it's an experiment it's just
a fun that's it that's awesome
can you open files can you put a file
can i what can you open the file like
the picture oh right yeah sure so I can
live in like
a screenshot I don't know what this is
actually okay like there's some there's
some old web UI risky business yeah you
can do you can delete things and move
things you can do basically everything
you'd normally do yeah I think it's all
there basically apart from blocking so
don't concurrently access that that's
awesome thank you that's great right
dude applause
[Applause]